**How they get there**
Either Annwn tells them about it and lets them go down her trapdoor or they see the light in the chasm below and jump down. There's an anti magic field that prevents flight down, but at the bottom there are wards that catch people in midair and make em float there. The anti magic field extends about 60 ft. above the water's surface. The water directly round the light is illusory, serving as the entrance to the temple.

"The you sit in this great stone room, suspended just a few feet above the ground, slowly drifting towards the cold, hard stone beneath you. Around you is a large room, only dimly lit by the light filtering in through the illusory waves above. The vast majority of the room is empty, save for the pillars that stretch from the floor to the ceiling about a hundred feet above. Echoes of your own breath weave their way around these ornate pillars carved out of the rock, which are placed about every 20 feet down the 200 foot length of this room. The rows of pillars lie about 25 feet to either side of you, and the walls about 25 feet beyond that. These walls are dotted and patched with holes of various sizes, each of which appears to have a skeleton inside, and a plaque below with a name."

DC 20 Investigation or DC 15 Perception reveals an empty tomb, with the name "Rael Sylveranth" inscribed in the plaque.

"At the end of this great room lies a tree, blackened bark and blood red leaves with a sheen on them that appears all too liquid. Behind this tree sits a statue of the Fae King Malachi, roughly 50 feet high, and behind him, etched into the wall, a great serpent with the face of a bat. The statue's eyes seem to look into you, yet they do not move."

"Touching the tree, you look around and see a forest. The trees around you are coniferous, tall, strong. A gentle breeze carries the scent of pine through the air, and rustles the needles of these trees. A squirrel darts from one branch to another. Taking your hand off the tree, you are back in the dim temple."