**How they'll get there**
Bias will visit on his own

**What will happen**
"Hannibal Gieldspunk" a voice from behind
"I am very interested in you, if I'm to be honest. You have been a bastion of trickery these last few weeks. Really. Inciting revolution as a prank? That is some A-tier stuff. Listen. I have something for you." They procure the seed pod
"I understand that you are interested in medicine? Given your lifelong dedication to C.V. Greene's, I had just assumed. This seed pod contains vast healing power. 3 seeds. Each of which can restore the soul of the deceased and repair their body, so long as they died of injury or sickness. It is yours." He holds it out
Hannibals hands pass through it, a voice from behind "On one condition. I have a quest for you. You need to deceive the most powerful man/woman you can find, and live to tell about it. The catch? The trick must put your life in danger, or else you fail. You only get one try, and if they aren't powerful enough, you fail. Also if you tell a single soul, the deal is off."

"When you have identified your target, you need only tell me beforehand. Ill hear"

"And before you go, I have some help for you, but it requires your permission, for bookkeeping reasons. This stone will allow you to gauge the relative power of an individual, and has a chance of telling you if they're powerful enough to satisfy the terms of the agreement. It has 3 uses. I must plant it in your brain."

**Rewards**
Black Ghost Orchid seed pod

**Involved NPC's**
Bias, god of trickery
 - Very flamboyant and super gay.
 - Very dramatic presentation, using lots of diversion and illusion
 - Nonchalant