The first thing you notice as you enter is that this old shack has a very clean an well kept interior for how the outside looks. A fireplace to the left basks the room in a warm, orange glow. As you look closer at the fireplace its becomes apparent that there is not wood burning there, but instead flowers, whose petals appear to be made entirely of a smokeless flame, which smells vaguely of burning cedar. Directly across the fireplace is an ornate red sofa which has a dark wood frame. On the right is a blue orb, which glows faintly and sits atop a gold pedestal. Under it is an intricate carpet, and facing the orb is a chair, in the same style as the sofa. The back 2/3s of the room is split into two sections via a wall. On the left is a bedroom, whos walls contain a small library of books with its shelves. The bed looks to be queen sized, with blue blankets and white pillows. At the foot of the bed is a chest or perhaps a trunk, which is opened to reveal what appears to be all sorts of magical equipment and glowing objects. spread over the entire floor of this room is an intricate purple rug. On the right is what looks like a study or office space. Various books and instruments lie on a desk tucked into the back. Strangely, the chair isnt against the desk, but instead pulled back a ways towards the door. As you round the chair it becomes apparent why. At the center of the study is a large arcane circle. Stones inlaid in the floor form the base of the circle, and etched into them are various lines forming a star and various circles, as well as different arcane runes and symbols. In the center of the circle lies a skeleton, bones old and white with age, but still strong and not crumbling.

As you look around, you see a lever on the wall, connected to an apparatus on the ceiling, which would appear to dispense something. On the top of the levers handle is a small collection of runes, which appear to serve the purpose of sending a significant amount of force downward, after a certain amount of time. The rune for timing, though, looks to mean ~10000. Ci Annwn speaks.

"My creator was trying to ascend to lichdom without using souls to power a phylactery. It would have succeeded but the lever didn't toggle when it was supposed to. I would've done it myself but due to my nature I cant touch iron."

You notice, under the carpet under the pondering orb, a corner of raised wood sticks out. Pulling the orb and carpet aside reveals a trapdoor, with a large symbol inscribed on its door.
	Trapdoor leads to a secret entrance to Malachi's Temple, the symbol is composed of 2 elements. The first is a very complicated lock, the second makes the trapdoor effectively have an infinite weight to anyone accept Annwn.

On the desk are a lot of books in languages that havent graced the face of Noldorin since the Age of Arcana. It is easy to see that various dark and dangerous arcane secrets lie within these pages. One sticks out to you though. A book that is bound shut with some sort of metal, though not one you have seen before, and a lock. The title reads "Common to Celestial translation guide, and the history of Noldorin's True language"